hello and welcome back to another SP
video on the menu today is uh door
noodles in tom yum soup this is tom yum
soup with a twist the udon noodles are
great for soaking up the soup which is
packed with herbs and flavors we've used
mixed seafood in this recipe but you can
mix and match depending on your own
preference this recipe is very tasty
very filling and it's actually
surprisingly quick and simple to make
once you've prepared all of your
ingredients on screen now the
ingredients has always see our blog
posts for full details on the
ingredients I'll post a link to it in
the description box just below this
video we're using fresh food on noodles
but if you can only find the drive
variety then feel free to use those
instead
okay so first add two red bird eyed
chilies and one tablespoon of coriander
stalks to a mortar and pestle and then
just briefly crush them until the
chilies break open then add four
shallots and crush until the shallots
have also broken open now we need to
prepare the noodles as we're not using
dried noodles we only need to cook them
long enough to heat them up so just add
300 grams of food or noodles to a pan of
boiling water and cook for a couple of
minutes until they are hot then drain
the noodles and set them aside in a bowl
next we need to make the soup so boil
about 650 millilitres of water in a pan
and then dissolve one chicken stock cube
in the water once the stock cube has
dissolved add to the pot 1 sliced
lemongrass 6 slices of galangal the
ingredients that we lightly crushed in
our mortar and pestle earlier and 1
tomato cut into quarters give everything
a good stir and allow the soup to boil
for about 2 to 3 minutes
now add two tablespoons of chili paste
and stir the soup until the chili paste
has dissolved then add six lime leaves
tearing the leaves up first four
tablespoons of fish sauce and four
tablespoons of lime juice stir and let
the soup simmer for about two minutes
now add the knicks seafood and gently
stir being careful not to break off the
fish let the seafood cook for a couple
of minutes then add four white mushrooms
which have been cut into quarters and
then just stir nat the soup cook for
about two to three minutes
finally add four tablespoons of
evaporated milk stir and cook the soup
for a final five minutes ensure that all
of the seafood is thoroughly cooked
before serving and now you're ready to
serve
simply spoon the seafood and the soup
onto the udon noodles that we cooked
earlier and then just garnish with some
spring onion and coriander if you wish
and then eat and enjoy so give the
recipe a try
let us know what you think and if you're
interested in seeing more Thai and Asian
inspired recipes hit subscribe we're
releasing new videos every Monday
Wednesday and Friday and we hope to see
you again on the next video